# A WORDPRESS/GULP STARTER KIT WITH DOCKER

Getting everything setup can be a real hassle. With this repo you have a complete development environment setup with one single command!



## INSTALLATION

1. Install Docker
1. Clone this repo
1. `docker-compose run gulp` in the root of the cloned repo.



## BONES

`src` is a sub module with the bones repository. This will give a working theme, but you should replace is with a clone or another theme.


## ORGANIZATION

This starter kit uses `src`, `build`, and `dist` folders to organize theme development:

* `src`: this directory contains the raw material for your theme: templates (`src/`), PHP includes (`src/inc`), language files (`src/languages`), styles (`src/scss`), scripts (`src/js`), and images (anywhere under `src/`). **Only edit files in this directory!**
* `build`: generated by Gulp, this is a *working copy* of your theme for use in development and testing. Symlink `build` to your `wp-content/themes` directory for local development and testing (e.g. if your theme is in `~/dev/themes/my-theme` and your local copy of WordPress is installed in `~/dev/localhost/wp` you'll want to run `ln -s ~/dev/themes/my-theme/build ~/dev/localhost/wp/wp-content/themes/my-theme`).
* `dist`: short for distribution, this will be the final, polished copy of your theme for production. You will need to manually run `gulp dist` to create a new distribution. You can also symlink this directory for a final round of testing; just keep in mind that your theme will now be in `dist/[project]`, where `[project]` is the setting at the top of the Gulp configuration. This project folder is what you will want to deploy to production. (No more weird junk in your themes. Hooray!)

Note: both the `build` and `dist` directories are disposable and can be regenerated from the contents of `src`. You aren't likely to want to edit files in this folders but you may want to open them up to diagnose issues with the build process itself.



## TO DO

Browsersync is not yet working... I don't understand this proxy stuff and how exactly I need to setup Docker for it to work.